feat: option disabling parsing in the onRequest phase (#204)
fastify/fastify-cookie: README.md

fastify.register(require('@fastify/cookie'), {
  secret: "my-secret", // for cookies signature

>   hook: 'onRequest', // disable cookie autoparsing or set autoparsing on any of the hooks: 'onRequest', 'preParsing', 'preHandler', 'preValidation'. default: onRequest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hook: 'onRequest', // set to false to disable cookie autoparsing or set autoparsing on any of the following hooks: 'onRequest', 'preParsing', 'preHandler', 'preValidation'. default: 'onRequest'
```

fastify.register(require('@fastify/cookie'), {
  secret: "my-secret", // for cookies signature

>   hook: false, // disable cookie autoparsing or set autoparsing on any of the hooks: 'onRequest', 'preHandler', 'preParsing', 'preValidation', 'preSerialization'. default: onRequest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hook: false, // disable cookie autoparsing or set autoparsing on any of the hooks: 'onRequest', 'preHandler', 'preParsing', 'preValidation', 'preSerialization'. default: 'onRequest'
```

Author: I think to exclude 'preSerialization' and 'PreRapsing', they have different arguments in the handler

Reviewer 2: please set it `'onRequest'` here.
